LOK-1903: Doc: Discovery: Ability to edit and delete (#1451)
OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi: docs/modules/operation/pages/get-started/discovery/active.adoc

You can create a number of active discoveries to cover different areas of your network.

The discovery runs as soon as you save it, and every 24 hours thereafter.

> There is continues polling and collecting data every minute.

Reviewer: Nit: should be `continuous` and `data collection`

> There is continues polling and collecting data every minute.

Author: ```suggestion
There is continuous polling and data collection every minute.
```

> You may want to create and run discoveries at times that will have the lowest impact on network performance.

Author: I'm thinking more for them to consider when they create a discovery, since they can't schedule them. So, maybe they won't create discoveries in the middle of the day when it might have more impact.

+
NOTE: To create xref:inventory/nodes.adoc#tag-create[tags], click the drop-down arrow in the *Search/Add tags* field, type a name for the tag, and click *New*.

> . With ICMP/SNMP discovery, click the *Validate* checkmark to verify that you have a valid IP address.

Author: It still appears on dev, qa, and prod. It also doesn't work, since you can see I entered an invalid IP address and still got a green check. I believe there is a LOK but that describes this, but I can't locate it.
<img width="434" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-11 at 1 22 48 PM" src="https://github.com/OpenNMS-Cloud/lokahi/assets/59453630/baa3701d-e4a0-4132-b2ff-ac0cb4911b32">
